of eros is an engine prototype
rotary endothermic which has obtained i
European and international Italian pct
the invention has two power take-offs
that allow it to be connected either
right-handed and left-handed
two lids enclose all the
engine components in one body
under the cover a copper membrane
isolates the part lubricated by the oil from
the central one containing the rotors the
operating system of the
shutters that touch the surface
of the rotors reducing to the minimum the
friction allows the rotors to work
completely dry
the motor develops at the same time
two complete work cycles
opposite each half turn then 4
expansions around
for clarity we can divide each
work cycle in nine phases in the first
phase
the air coming from the turbine
highlighted in blue enters the engine
from both titles through the two
pipelines
in the second phase the rotation of the two
External rotors compress the air making
compressed air b highlighted in blue
when the air pressure b
tablet exceeds air pressure
contained in the inlet tube the valve
a plate opens up to let it flow
the compressed air is then
stored in the upper chamber
of the mushroom loading valve in the
fourth phase as soon as the valve opens
one side and the compressed air escapes
from the crack that is created between the base
of the oven and the rotor nose in
movement
air b compressed flowing along the
central rotor throat provides for
exhaust gas cleaning in the fifth
phase the base of the furnace is occluded
completely from the rotor nose
this allows the accumulation of the area v
tablet inside the oven in the
sixth phase as soon as the valve is
closes the first injector sprays the
fuel in the oven and immediately after
the spark that causes it is triggered
the first outbreak
at this point the glowing air
highlighted in red pours into the
central rotor providing a strong one
thrust when the hump of the rotor
central discovers the second injector
the fuel is sprayed
car lights up because of the high
temperature
the second outbreak increases considerably
the pushing pressure
in the last phase the incandescent area ad
high pressure shown in yellow
it is conveyed to the exhaust pipe
by rotating the central rotor
and hot gas and impression are
conveyed to the turbine
the pia roast motor uses three
oil circuits to guarantee a
correct lubrication of parts a
contact and at the same time cool
the parts most subject to the high
temperatures
in the first circuit the oil enters the two
tanks placed at the top
lower part of the engine crossing it
transversely so as to contribute to the
central rotor cooling in the
second circuit the oil provides to
internal rotor cooling
entering from one side in the part
upper and protruding from the bottom
opposite part as shown in the figure
in the third circuit 3 sprayers
spray the shutters with oil so as to
cool them lubricate the oil continues
his path and is expelled from the
exhaust channel located in the part
bottom of the cover plates